Setup repository for falco operator (#2)
canonical/falco-operators: docs/explanation/charm-architecture.md

3. And so on.

As a result, if you run a `kubectl get pods` on a namespace named for the Juju model you've deployed the falco charm into, you'll see something like the following:

```bash
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
falco-0                   N/N     Running   0         6h4m
```

This shows there are <NUMBER> containers - <describe what the containers are>.

> -->

Reviewer: I don't know if this was intentional, but this text is commented out (so it doesn't render, unless you're looking at the source). 

You may want to uncomment this text if you want it to be rendered on Charmhub.

## High-level overview of falco deployment

> The following diagram shows a typical deployment of the falco charm.

Reviewer: Are you planning to add a Mermaid diagram in this PR?

## OCI images

> We use [Rockcraft](https://canonical-rockcraft.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/) to build OCI Images for falco.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Rockcraft](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/rockcraft/stable/) to build OCI Images for falco.
```
